You have a new order.
Beautiful woman, did you call the driver?
That's right, I'm in a hurry to take me to the smoke hall next Friday
Are you blind?
How dare a blind person be a chauffeur?
What a waste of time, I have to order a new one
Don't be such a beautiful woman
I may be blind
But you can rest assured of my technology.
If you don't believe it or not, please read my evaluation.
What!
Platinum driving next week
100% positive rating
On time rate 100% 0 complaints
There's more behind
Next week, the famous mountain car god
Exactly this time
You can rest assured.
Go to the Fifth Hospital as soon as possible and listen to me
Hahaha
Hey, sister
Beautiful woman, then you are ready, we are ready to go
Miss, you are here
What about today's martial arts recruitment?
Just waiting for you.
This is the top priority for our Xiao family
You have to have a heart
Miss Xiao met my fiancee
Finally met